
## DataFrames

#### `DataFrame(cols::Vector, colnames::Vector{ByteString})`

Construct a DataFrame from the columns given by `cols` with the index
generated by `colnames`. A DataFrame inherits from
`Associative{Any,Any}`, so Associative operations should work, like
`has`, `get`, `keys`, and `values`. Methods are also provided to
iterate over columns: `start`, `done`, and `next`.

#### `DataFrame(cols::Vector)`

Construct a DataFrame from the columns given by `cols` with default
column names.

#### `copy(df::DataFrame)`

A deep copy of `df`. TODO change to a shallow copy to reflect
the recent change in Julia.

#### `shallowcopy(df::DataFrame)`

A shallow copy of `df`. Columns are referenced, not copied.

#### `similar(df::DataFrame, nrow)`

A new DataFrame with `nrow` rows and the same column names and types as `df`. 


### Basics

#### `ncol(df::DataFrame)`

Number of columns in `df`.

#### `nrow(df::DataFrame)`

Number of rows in `df`.

#### `length(df::DataFrame)`

Number of columns in `df`.


### Indexing, Assignment, and Concatenation

DataFrames are indexed like a Matrix and like an Associative. Columns
may be indexed by column name. Rows do not have names. Referencing
with one argument normally indexes by columns: `df["col"]`,
`df[["col1","col3"]]` or `df[i]`. With two arguments, rows and columns
are selected. Indexing along rows works like Matrix indexing. Indexing
along columns works like Matrix indexing with the addition of column
name access. Array-like methods include `size`, `ndims`.

#### `ref(df::DataFrame, ind)`  or `df[ind]`

Returns a subset of the columns of `df` as specified by `ind`, which
may be an `Int`, a `Range`, a `Vector{Int}`, `ByteString`, or
`Vector{ByteString}`. Columns are referenced, not copied. For a
single-element `ind`, the column by itself is returned.

#### `ref(df::DataFrame, irow, icol)`  or `df[irow,icol]`

Returns a subset of `df` as specified by `irow` and `icol`. `irow` may
be an `Int`, a `Range`, or a `Vector{Int}`. `icol` may be an `Int`, a
`Range`, or a `Vector{Int}`, `ByteString`, or, `ByteString`, or
`Vector{ByteString}`. For a single-element `ind`, the column subset by
itself is returned.

#### `index(df::DataFrame)`

Returns the column `Index` for `df`.

See the Indexing section for additional operations on column indexes.

#### `colnames(df::DataFrame)` or `names(df::DataFrame)` 

The column names as an `Array{ByteString}`

#### `(df::DataFrame)`


### DataFrame Manipulation

#### `insert(df::DataFrame, index::Integer, item, name)`

Insert a column of name `name` and with contents `item` into `df` at
position `index`.

#### `insert(df::DataFrame, df2::DataFrame)`

Insert columns of `df2` into `df1`.




### Grouping
